Create multi-select hierarchical drop-down topic (#3438)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/drop-down-hierarchical-selection.md

> To remove the chip from the DOM and deselect the item from the tree/grid, you have to handle the [`remove`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxchipcomponent.html#remove) event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the chip from the DOM and deselect the item from the tree/grid, you have to handle the IgxChipComponent's [`remove`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxchipcomponent.html#remove) event.
```

> To prevent the drop-down from closing on chip deletion, you can check the event's composite path and cancel the event in the IgxDropDown [`closing`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdowncomponent.html#closing) event handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, a way to prevent the drop-down from closing on chip deletion would be to check the event's composite path for an `igx-chip` node and then cancel the event in the `IgxDropDownComponent`'s [`closing`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxdropdowncomponent.html#closing) event handler.
```
